[DOC] Update Tempo doc to Alloy (#3843)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/use-trace-data.md

---
title: Use tracing data in Grafana
menuTitle: Use tracing data in Grafana
description: Learn how to configure and query Tempo data with Grafana.
aliases:
- ./querying/ # /docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/configuration/querying
weight: 900
---

> # Use tracing data with Grafana

Author: ```suggestion
# Use tracing data in Grafana
```

## Query the data source

> Refer to [Tempo in Grafana]({{< relref "../getting-started/tempo-in-grafana" >}}) for an overview about how tracing data can be viewed and queried in Grafana.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to [Tempo in Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/getting-started/tempo-in-grafana) for an overview about how tracing data can be viewed and queried in Grafana.
```
